Objects and its internal representation in Javascript

        Objects are important data types in javascript. Objects are different than primitive datatypes 
(i.e. number, string, boolean, etc.). Primitive data types contain one value but Objects can hold many values 
in form of Key: value pair. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods,
respectively, in the context of an object.
        Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data-types
well as reference data-types.An object, is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or 
a pointer to that value. That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored.
The variables don’t actually store the value.

Objects and properties
        A JavaScript object has properties associated with it. A property of an object can be explained as a variable that is attached to the object. Object properties are basically the same as ordinary JavaScript variables, except for the attachment to objects. The properties of an object define the characteristics of the object. 

Create JavaScript Object with Object Literal
       One of easiest way to create a javascript object is object literal, simply define the property and values inside curly braces as shown below.
         let bike={name:'supersports',maker:'r15',engine:'200cc'},
Understanding Objects in JavaScript
        In JavaScript, objects are collections of key-value pairs, where keys are strings (or symbols) and values can be of any data type, including other objects. Objects are used to represent real-world entities, data structures, and more complex data types.
            const person = {
                name: "vino",
                age : 25,
                email: "vino2000@gmail,com"
            };
Internal Representation of Objects
      Internally, JavaScript engines use various data structures to represent objects efficiently. One common approach is using a hash table or a similar structure to store the object’s properties and their corresponding values. This allows for fast access and manipulation of properties.
                Internal representation:
            {
                name: "vino",
                age : 25
                email: "vino2000@gmail.com"
            }
            
